lpmud rooms and lpscript
========================

For a number of years, releases of the Lima mudlib have included a fairly
complete set of rooms (with included objects) from lpmud 2.4.5.

These rooms were "mostly" converted to lpscript, with a few bits of Lima-
compatible LPC as required.

However, that left a significant number of unconverted rooms, together with
cases where converted rooms didn't work properly for various reasons.

I've worked through these rooms, completing the conversion to Lima-compatible
code - largely lpscript, but with some LPC where the lpscript conversion
wasn't quick and easy to achieve.

The area should now work with a minimum of errors, subject to a number of
reservations:

1) Lima has numerous configuration options, and some of these may be
incompatible with this area. 

2) Some Lima systems are incompatible with the methods used in lpmud - for
example Lima uses virtual news and mail, instead of boards and post offices.
If you wish to use lpmud style systems, you will have to start converting
Lima's systems.

3) I have made no attempt to balance combat settings - eg health, weapon class
- and levels have been ignored, as they are unsupported in some combat
configurations.

4) lpmud used a DnD-like method of setting ac in the npc. Lima sets it in the
armour only - so if you want ac to be effective, you'll have to add armor to
the npcs (or change the combat system).

5) The lpmud style of defining npcs and items within the room files is fine
for "one-off" cases, but better programming style would be to use inheritables
to a greater degree, and to clone similar npcs from a central file to multiple
rooms.

6) Room descriptions have generally been left unchanged - so they are rather
brief and add_items are very rarely used.

7) Incorporation of the quests in this area into the Lima quest system is left
as an exercise for the reader.

Finally:
Please do NOT use this area as your mud - it is provided as an example of the
use of lpscript, for you to study and improve on it.


Loriel
August 2002

NB
Further errors which are reported will probably be fixed.

However, incompatibilities are unlikely to be solved, as the solution lies in
your hands by choosing suitable options and changing whatever needs to be
changed.
